Only desktop application in initial version
- Employee management part is very imporant

First version should be completed in 6 weeks
What info about employee should sys store:

- At the top there is a manager responsible for managing the department
- He wants to know statistics about employees products (Statistics)
- 4 departments. 

1. Human Resources 2. Customer Service Dpt 3. Security 4. Logistic Department

in 1. only HR Managers can work
in 2. there are three roles 1. Sales Representitive 2. Support Employee and 3. Cashiers
for the 3. there are Security Guards
for 4. Deport Worker

In the first 6 weeks Waterfall.
7 Master requirements

Employee management part:
- able to add new employee
- able to update existing employees
- remove existing employees
- search for existing ones
- filter employees
and should be able to list all employees

they want to view worksheets of specific employees in this part
they want to assign worksheets to employees

Per Employee stats, keep BSN & Phone Num digit specific. DIGIT CONTROL
 - name, surname, username & password, address, emailaddress, date of birth, BSN number, employee department, employment startdate, employment enddate (if applicable), reason for termination (if applicable)
 - in emergant situations, employee's wife or husband and phone number
 
 Manager should be able to do CRUD over employees (hire,fire employees)
 HR Manager too. HR Manager manual scheduling of employees and automatic scheduling must be done
 from the HR manager. Auto-Sched is in WAD
 
 2. 4. Dpt roles should be able to check-in and check-out
 2. 4. Should see their schedule on a website
 
 Sales Rep and Dpt Worker should see 
 Dpt Worker is responsbile for crud operations over products
 
 8-12:30 morning
 12:30 - 17:00 afternoon
 17:00 - 21:30 - evening
 
 One employee can not work more than 2 shifts on a single workday.
 Shifts have to be adjacent (morning, afternoon for exp)
 
 for waterefall progress only see employee management part
 This is the MUST
 
 Colors are important, we can arrange meetings for DEMOS
 These meetings can be arranged on Thursday, Friday is for Tutor Meetings.